Update securing-netdata-agents.md (#18096)
netdata/netdata: docs/netdata-agent/securing-netdata-agents.md

`netdata.conf` and use
> `edit-config`.

> If you use netdata in docker, you should change environment variable NETDATA_HEALTHCHECK_TARGET to "cli".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Netdata with Docker, make sure to set the `NETDATA_HEALTHCHECK_TARGET` environment variable to `cli`.

```
